c:\users\antoi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ERPTest3\ERPTest3\bin\Debug\ERPTest3.exe.config
c:\users\antoi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ERPTest3\ERPTest3\bin\Debug\ERPTest3.exe
c:\users\antoi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ERPTest3\ERPTest3\bin\Debug\ERPTest3.pdb
c:\users\antoi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ERPTest3\ERPTest3\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
c:\users\antoi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ERPTest3\ERPTest3\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
c:\users\antoi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ERPTest3\ERPTest3\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\antoi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ERPTest3\ERPTest3\bin\Debug\Prism.dll
c:\users\antoi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ERPTest3\ERPTest3\bin\Debug\Prism.Wpf.dll
c:\users\antoi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ERPTest3\ERPTest3\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\antoi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ERPTest3\ERPTest3\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\antoi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ERPTest3\ERPTest3\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
c:\users\antoi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ERPTest3\ERPTest3\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\antoi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ERPTest3\ERPTest3\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\antoi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ERPTest3\ERPTest3\bin\Debug\Prism.xml
c:\users\antoi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ERPTest3\ERPTest3\bin\Debug\Prism.Wpf.xml
c:\users\antoi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ERPTest3\ERPTest3\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\antoi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ERPTest3\ERPTest3\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\antoi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ERPTest3\ERPTest3\obj\Debug\ERPTest3_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\antoi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ERPTest3\ERPTest3\obj\Debug\ERPTest3_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\antoi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ERPTest3\ERPTest3\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\antoi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ERPTest3\ERPTest3\obj\Debug\ERPTest3.g.resources
c:\users\antoi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ERPTest3\ERPTest3\obj\Debug\ERPTest3.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\antoi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ERPTest3\ERPTest3\obj\Debug\ERPTest3.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\antoi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ERPTest3\ERPTest3\obj\Debug\ERPTest3.exe
c:\users\antoi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ERPTest3\ERPTest3\obj\Debug\ERPTest3.pdb
c:\users\antoi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ERPTest3\ERPTest3\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\antoi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ERPTest3\ERPTest3\bin\Debug\CsvHelper.dll
c:\users\antoi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ERPTest3\ERPTest3\bin\Debug\CsvHelper.xml
